Documentation for Vault UI token auto-renewal behavior (#1891)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.10.x/content/docs/configuration/ui.mdx

the browser displaying a warning that the site is "untrusted". It is highly
recommended that client browsers accessing the Vault UI install the proper CA
root for validation to reduce the chance of a MITM attack.

> ### Note on UI token renewal

Author: Gotcha! I'm not sure "limitation" is correct here. The intention is to clarify that there is not a configurable UI-only session time out and explain on the auto-renewal that the UI performs using a token's ttl, and how it the auto-renewal functions. What do you think think about 

"GUI token auto-renewal and inactivity behavior"

The Vault UI does not provide a configurable session timeout. Instead, the GUI uses
a built-in timeout based on your token's time-to-live (TTL) or lease duration (your

> authentication method type determines whether Vault sets TTL or lease duration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a built-in timeout based on the time-to-live (TTL) or lease duration configured 
for your authentication method type.
```
Style correction: avoid possessives, avoid parentheticals when possible

The Vault UI automatically renews your token at half of its TTL or lease duration,
whichever Vault sets. After three minutes of inactivity, which starts after your last
request to the Vault API, the GUI stops renewing your token.
The GUI then lets your token expire when it reaches its TTL or lease duration.
Auto-renewal resumes when you make another request to the Vault API.

For example, assume your token TTL is 10 minutes. If you become inactive at minute 1,
the Vault UI stops renewing your token at minute 4. Your token expires at minute 10, and the
session times out. You cannot interact with the GUI until you re-authenticate.
If you make another request to the API, such as navigating to a new page, the GUI resumes
auto-renewal and resets the three-minute inactivity timer.

Completing a form does not always trigger API calls. If you spend a long time filling out

> a form, the GUI may stop renewing your token even though you are technically interacting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a form, Vault may stop renewing your token even though you are technically interacting
```
Not sure if "Vault" is strictly correct here, but it helps with sentence parsing if we don't repeat "the GUI" multiple times 😅

> with the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the GUI.
```
